# IAppBuilderExtensions.UseAzureHttpLogger Method 
 

In order to capture the full set of data during a HTTP request this OWIN plugin must be the first plugin in the chain. Configure OWIN to trace HTTP requests and responses. Note that capturing request query parameters and request and response data could cause data security issues - potentially sensitive data will be logged to Azure table storage. Therefore by default none of this is captured. The HTTP traces are stored in these tables: httprequestbydatedescending httprequestbycorrelationid If this causes you any conflicts then the table names can be given an optional prefix using the azurePrefix parameter. Request and response data is stored in blob containers named httprequestdata and httpresponsedata respectively and the azurePrefix parameter is also applied to these container names. Blob names are linked to the log item ID held within the tables.

**Namespace:**&nbsp;<a href="4da21ea9-240f-ee82-efd6-8755e563a434">AccidentalFish.ApplicationSupport.Owin.Azure</a><br />**Assembly:**&nbsp;AccidentalFish.ApplicationSupport.Owin.Azure (in AccidentalFish.ApplicationSupport.Owin.Azure.dll) Version: 0.0.9.0 (0.0.9.0)

## Syntax

**C#**<br />
``` C#
public static IAppBuilder UseAzureHttpLogger(
	this IAppBuilder appBuilder,
	string storageConnectionString,
	bool captureRequestParams = false,
	bool captureRequestData = false,
	bool captureResponseData = false,
	string[] captureRequestHeaders = null,
	string[] captureResponseHeaders = null,
	string httpCorrelationHeaderKey = "correlation-id",
	string azurePrefix = "",
	LogByDateGranularityEnum granularity = LogByDateGranularityEnum.Hour
)
```

**VB**<br />
``` VB
<ExtensionAttribute>
Public Shared Function UseAzureHttpLogger ( 
	appBuilder As IAppBuilder,
	storageConnectionString As String,
	Optional captureRequestParams As Boolean = false,
	Optional captureRequestData As Boolean = false,
	Optional captureResponseData As Boolean = false,
	Optional captureRequestHeaders As String() = Nothing,
	Optional captureResponseHeaders As String() = Nothing,
	Optional httpCorrelationHeaderKey As String = "correlation-id",
	Optional azurePrefix As String = "",
	Optional granularity As LogByDateGranularityEnum = LogByDateGranularityEnum.Hour
) As IAppBuilder
```


#### Parameters
&nbsp;<dl><dt>appBuilder</dt><dd>Type: IAppBuilder<br />The app builder extended</dd><dt>storageConnectionString</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/s1wwdcbf" target="_blank">System.String</a><br />The storage string for</dd><dt>captureRequestParams (Optional)</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/a28wyd50" target="_blank">System.Boolean</a><br />True if you wish to capture query parameters, false if not.</dd><dt>captureRequestData (Optional)</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/a28wyd50" target="_blank">System.Boolean</a><br />True if you wish to capture request data, false if not.</dd><dt>captureResponseData (Optional)</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/a28wyd50" target="_blank">System.Boolean</a><br />True if you wish to capture response data, falise if not.</dd><dt>captureRequestHeaders (Optional)</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/s1wwdcbf" target="_blank">System.String</a>[]<br />To capture all request headers set a single array element of "*" otherwise specify the headers you wish to capture.</dd><dt>captureResponseHeaders (Optional)</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/s1wwdcbf" target="_blank">System.String</a>[]<br />To capture all response headers set a single array element of "*" otherwise specify the headers you wish to capture.</dd><dt>httpCorrelationHeaderKey (Optional)</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/s1wwdcbf" target="_blank">System.String</a><br />In order to tie together request and response logging the http logger needs a correlation ID. By default this is added to request and response headers so that HTTP logging can be tied together across services and clients. The default name for this header is correlation-id. If a correlation ID is passed in in the header then it will be used, if no correlation ID is passed in then one will be generated. This behaviour can be disabled by setting this parameter to null or an empty string.</dd><dt>azurePrefix (Optional)</dt><dd>Type: <a href="http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/library/s1wwdcbf" target="_blank">System.String</a><br />If you need to avoid table name conflicts</dd><dt>granularity (Optional)</dt><dd>Type: <a href="d3286ef9-bc6f-0c54-3fb5-2863903fd787">AccidentalFish.ApplicationSupport.Owin.Azure.LogByDateGranularityEnum</a><br />Sets the level of granularity on the partition key of the httprequestbydatedescending table. Busier your site likely the more granular you want this to be. Defaults to hourly</dd></dl>

#### Return Value
Type: IAppBuilder<br />\[Missing <returns> documentation for "M:AccidentalFish.ApplicationSupport.Owin.Azure.IAppBuilderExtensions.UseAzureHttpLogger(Owin.IAppBuilder,System.String,System.Boolean,System.Boolean,System.Boolean,System.String[],System.String[],System.String,System.String,AccidentalFish.ApplicationSupport.Owin.Azure.LogByDateGranularityEnum)"\]

#### Usage Note
In Visual Basic and C#, you can call this method as an instance method on any object of type IAppBuilder. When you use instance method syntax to call this method, omit the first parameter. For more information, see <a href="http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb384936.aspx">Extension Methods (Visual Basic)</a> or <a href="http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb383977.aspx">Extension Methods (C# Programming Guide)</a>.

## See Also


#### Reference
<a href="7f81fa32-b76e-b378-0c4a-410ee194eff4">IAppBuilderExtensions Class</a><br /><a href="4da21ea9-240f-ee82-efd6-8755e563a434">AccidentalFish.ApplicationSupport.Owin.Azure Namespace</a><br />